README.md, before:

# Contact Form — Laravel 12 + Livewire 3 + Tailwind

## Requirements
- PHP 8.3+ (CLI), Composer
- Node.js 18+ (Vite)
- SQLite (default) or MySQL
- (Dev) WSL/Ubuntu recommended

## Setup (local)
    cp .env.example .env
    composer install
    npm install
    php artisan key:generate
    php artisan migrate --seed
    npm run dev      # or: npm run build
    php artisan serve

Open http://127.0.0.1:8000

## Routes
- /contact — Livewire contact form (validates, spam-protected, saves, emails)
- /submissions — list of prior submissions (search by email/subject, pagination)

## Email
- Default mailer: `MAIL_MAILER=log` (emails appear in storage/logs/laravel.log)
- Recipient is env-driven: set `MAIL_TO=gtest@mailgrove.com` in `.env`
- Real delivery (optional): configure SMTP (e.g., Mailpit, Mailgun, SendGrid) in `.env`

## Spam protection
- Honeypot field (`website`) hidden from users
- 3-second time-trap before accepting submissions
- Optional simple rate limiting can be added via Laravel’s `RateLimiter`

## Database
- Default: SQLite at `database/database.sqlite`
- Reset with seeds anytime:
    php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
- Switch to MySQL by updating `.env` keys (`DB_CONNECTION`, `DB_HOST`, `DB_DATABASE`, `DB_USERNAME`, `DB_PASSWORD`)

## Decisions
- Livewire 3 for reactive UX without a JS SPA
- TailwindCSS for accessible, responsive styling
- SQLite by default for zero-config reviewer setup
- Env-driven mail config; log mailer for local verification

## Production-like build (optional)
    npm run build
    php artisan serve

## Notes
- CSRF protection and validation are server-side (Laravel + Livewire).
- Success flow uses PRG (redirect after submit) to prevent duplicate resubmits on refresh.
- Seed data ensures `/submissions` isn’t empty on first run.

Commit message:

docs: updated README for tests and CI

README.md, after:

# Contact Form — Laravel 12 + Livewire 3 + Tailwind

## Requirements
- PHP 8.3+ (CLI), Composer
- Node.js 18+ (Vite)
- SQLite (default) or MySQL
- (Dev) WSL/Ubuntu recommended

## Setup (local)
    cp .env.example .env
    composer install
    npm install
    php artisan key:generate
    php artisan migrate --seed
    npm run dev      # or: npm run build
    php artisan serve

Open http://127.0.0.1:8000

## Routes
- /contact — Livewire contact form (validates, spam-protected, saves, emails)
- /submissions — list of prior submissions (search by email/subject, pagination)

## Email
- Default mailer: `MAIL_MAILER=log` (emails appear in storage/logs/laravel.log)
- Recipient is env-driven: set `MAIL_TO=gtest@mailgrove.com` in `.env`
- Real delivery (optional): configure SMTP (e.g., Mailpit, Mailgun, SendGrid) in `.env`

## Spam protection
- Honeypot field (`website`) hidden from users
- 3-second time-trap before accepting submissions
- Optional simple rate limiting can be added via Laravel’s `RateLimiter`

## Automated Tests

This project includes a small feature test suite using Laravel’s built-in test tools. The tests cover:

| Test | Purpose |
|---|---|
| `tests/Feature/ContactFormTest.php` | Validates required fields and ensures a successful submission writes to the DB and triggers a mail send |
| `tests/Feature/ExampleTest.php` | Verifies the application boots and responds successfully |

Run all tests locally:

```bash
php artisan test
```

## Continuous Integration (GitHub Actions)

This repository includes a CI workflow located at: `.github/workflows/ci.yml`

On each push or pull request, the pipeline:

1. Installs PHP and Composer dependencies
2. Prepares a fresh SQLite test database
3. Runs database migrations
4. Executes the full test suite
5. Runs **Laravel Pint** in `--test` mode for code-style enforcement

If either tests or Pint fail, the workflow fails; ensuring consistent, high-quality commits.

## Database
- Default: SQLite at `database/database.sqlite`
- Reset with seeds anytime:
    php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
- Switch to MySQL by updating `.env` keys (`DB_CONNECTION`, `DB_HOST`, `DB_DATABASE`, `DB_USERNAME`, `DB_PASSWORD`)

## Decisions
- Livewire 3 for reactive UX without a JS SPA
- TailwindCSS for accessible, responsive styling
- SQLite by default for zero-config reviewer setup
- Env-driven mail config; log mailer for local verification

## Production-like build (optional)
    npm run build
    php artisan serve

## Notes
- CSRF protection and validation are server-side (Laravel + Livewire).
- Success flow uses PRG (redirect after submit) to prevent duplicate resubmits on refresh.
- Seed data ensures `/submissions` isn’t empty on first run.
